Uh huh
These people
I don't know where I got my number
The harassing calls are all coming to me
Hello, the user you dialed is busy.
Hahaha must be busy.
I'll call again.
Hello, the user you dialed is genuine.
Don't pretend
You are a bargain
How could you possibly know the phone number of Ma Shoufu?
I see you.
Give it quickly
Call the wild man who raised you
Let him pretend to be the richest man Ma
Anyway, we have never heard the voice of Ma Shoufu
Do you think it's oops, son?
You have to be careful what you say
What if someone really makes a phone call?
Called a truckload of wild men
What can be done?
I'm so afraid you've had enough
Come
Drive this bargain and his brother out of Zhaojiacun
Humph